Hi all,

As you all probably know, the next platform to run in the control system
will be CentOS 7 (not anymore SLC7). I would like to keep us all in the
same page as to what are the plans, ways and means, and the absence
thereof.

First: for the time being, the next kernel-to-be is available at

    /acc/sys/L867/usr/src/kernels/3.10.0-229.1.2.rt56.141.2.el7_1.x86_64

and the development environment, AFAIK, is only available in

    cs-ccr-el7

which is slightly lacking with respect to cs-ccr-dev* (you'll miss some
bits regarding home directories and the like).

I have commissioned Adam with this dirty but highly educational task,
with two aims in mind:

1. to fully involve him with the operational aspects of development and
operations of drivers at BE/CO, and expose him to the precious codebase
maintained by the team, and
2. to have him have a fresh look at all the little and big tidbits that
need to be kept in place, with QA and validation procedures in mind.

To elaborate more on the second point, my view is that the CentOS 7
migration is a golden oportunity to do a huge cleanup and establish a
solid workflow that avoids some scattering and dispersion that we
chronically suffered in the development and systems integration process
(something I will call devops for lack of a better term). In more
material terms, we will have a complete separate platform to make a
fresh deployment of **everything**, and to validate most of the things
we didn't dare to given the constrains imposed during the SLC5->SLC6
move.

There are dozens of issues that come to my mind while I am behind the
screen and also behnd the wheel of my car. Now it's the time to tackle
them all.

So as not to let these ideas go down the cracks, I have been adding notes on
the process under 

    /acc/src/dsc/drivers/coht/docs/driver-devops/

collecting do's, don'ts and most things related to how the repositories
are organized, how the build process works, what standards we should
stick to, and what other things I have no screaming idea on how to solve.
This is only in the drivers-devops branch of the repository, because my
intention is that most of these end up in the HT Driver Development
sub-wiki, when their form is less sketchy and are worth of the master
branch (from which they will be wikified, hopefully in automated
manner).

I would encourage you to contribute whatever comes to your mind, even in
the form of brain dumps. Some ideas noted there are clear to me as
dogma, and others are rather dubious, so let's discuss whenever you feel
like it (which means: at any time).
